Javascript
1- Let vs var vs const
2- What features did ES6 add to JS?
3- Spread vs Rest operator
4- What are promises and What is it's states
5- Null vs undefined
6- What is the Temporal Dead Zone (TDZ) in ES6?
7- What are js datatypes
8- What is call, apply and bind ?
9- Difference between object.create() and object.assign() ?
10- How to enforce that object attributes don’t change ? (search for object.freeze() )
11- What is event bubbling ?
12- Difference between promise.all() and promise.allsettled() ?
13- Types of functions
14- High order functions
15- undefined vs not defined
16- Event loop

Typescript
1- What is typescript and what did it provide to js or why using it?
2- How TS get compiled
3- Type vs Interface
4- Union vs intersection
5- Any vs unknown ?
6- Can I use the  unknown without type narrowing
7- How to make an attribute required in ts ?

Nodejs
1- What is nodejs
2- What is express
3- Difference between module.exports and exports 
4- What is JWT
5- Explain restful api
6- Http methods
7- Hashing vs encryption
8- Libuv roles (thread pool + event loop)
9- Parallelism vs concurrency
10- Event Loop
11- What are the phases of the Node.js event loop?
12- Is it made in C or c++..
13- Is NodeJS multi or single threaded?
14- What is the Node component
15- MicroTask vs MacroTask
16- What is middleware?
17- What is CORS?

OOP
1- What are the main pillars, and explain each one of them
2- What was oop trying to solve
3- What is class ? why do we use it?
4- Object vs struct 
5- What are the types of inheritance (basic , multilevel, multiple inheritance)
6- Types of polymorphism
7- constructor vs destructor
8- Interface vs Abstract class
9- Explain the diamond problem and the multiple inheritance problem
10- Can i have private constructors? Why would I need one?
11- Data hiding vs data binding 
12- What is Overloading and Overriding
13- What Is SOLID?
14- Give example for each SOLID properties
 
Database
SQL vs NoSQL
What method is used to diagnose a slow query in MongoDB
What are the types of indexes?
Does the order of fields matter in compound indexes? (Follow-up question after listing types of indexes)
How do you find, insert, and delete documents in MongoDB?
Discuss each aspect of the ACID principles.
What are the aggregation methods in MongoDB?
Which MongoDB methods are used for pagination?
How to make a database in mongosh ?
If there is a query that is taking too long how to optimize this ? (either indexing or caching using redis for example)
Search for upsert in mongodb
Does order matter in composite index ? (if your query is using the second element in the index it won’t use the index)
Explain ACID principles ?
Vertical vs horizontal scaling 
Why is mongo good at horizontal scaling? (supports loadbalancer)
Types of query selectors (logical , comparison , element ) examples for each
The structure of the objectID 
base















